Hey, youtube group today, I'm going to be there.
teaching you how to update your
nokia lumia 520 for the new version o
windows 8.166 of chicken
you will need an account
developer on the na on the website of
Windows
this I'll leave in the description of the video
You will come here
the store in the online store of sony
put the name of who saw this first
now the first to appear
You're going to install it after
installed the account you register on the
Tell you that you signed in, you have not left .
windows you will put here put
your teams to enter
You have to accept all terms that
send the galera there guys you are going
view in settings and places the
phone update
You will cut into verifying
updates better is how I've been
updated will appear no new
update of yours when the
all of you click on low
Hey guys, you need at least
80 audience
if you do not have more than 80% will not
right
the transaction after you download the
update had the phone restart
it will take a 10 to 15 minute
maximum
after you call after he
you're ready to use your new
nokia lumia ruindows phonic on 28.1
improvement and if the video was useful from unmik
Please and even more.